hi friends so in today's video I'm going
to be showing you for summer outfit
ideas that I came up with just to give
you guys a little bit of outfit
inspiration who knows take it how you
want so in this first look I am wearing
some light pink overalls that I got from
wild fox and they weren't crazy
expensive because I got them on sale
which was always nice love a nice sale I
got some Sony's on because you know it
is very sunny in these streets man
I got some tall shoes on these are from
units there's some nice platforms I
always like to add some height when my
pants are cut like these ones are yeah
so this is my look I've got a brandy
bralette in the back just so my boobs
aren't flying out everywhere you know
the drill right this next look I feel
like I was just thrown back into the 70s
with this nice little pretty girl top
and these bell-bottom ish flowy pants
you're not really bell-bottoms because
they're not that fitted but hey I can
dream okay my crop top is from a place
called American rebel which is on
Melrose if you live in LA it's really
really cool
yeah I just love this look like I said
feel like I'm in the 70s who knows maybe
I am okay
next look I feel like a forest fairy
because this dress makes me feel like a
butterfly because because it's so cool
and it's so pretty it's from earthbound
and so is my top necklace my middle
necklace is from Amazon and then my
bottom necklace is from Topshop and yeah
love the pattern of this it's like
tie-dye and has a bunch of cool patterns
on it and it really just makes me want
to dance around and just have a great
time so that's what I normally do in it
okay moving on to the cool mom book you
know mom hats gotta love them this hat
is from BlackBerry's merch website gotta
support your dad you know these studies
are from Nasty Gal I'm wearing a lokai
bracelet my shorts are thrifted I'm
doing some jigs because what would my
fashion videos beat without some J's my
shoes are fans love those fans man a
nice classic look is always great Oh
loosey-goosey legs okay you know I don't
even know what I'm doing anymore in
these videos they're just all over the
place but if you liked it give this
video a big thumbs up I love you guys
and I will see you in my next video okay
stay smiling bye